yo everybody closes and chic rom and
today we find ourselves for a
so small video on an animal crossing
nolifes on 3ds so I 'm going to you
show my city zelda so a city
filled with patterns so it's pretty
it's pretty good but it's true too
it's a lot of work
so I'll show you wise and we'll
go around a bit sorry for the
quality on the other hand we are good for
the moment is not completely finished
so there you can see that I did
well there is the flash and feline that we do not
do not see very well so a hen a
trunk that takes four reasons there is
the hymn that makes the flute
so here it is a saber planted in so
in the grass
still a hen we have an inhabitant I
does a boot a beginnings are like I
told you it's over and I have
other zelda motifs
I think it is really cool
saw rest of trees to bring down I
find it really cool what game
will make a video once finished lukla
I made mushrooms
then here I am I really find that
it's really back and after it's true
that some say yes so the
patterns are more fossils
5 it's a choice but it's good for me
not to make money because
here are the fossils I was fishing was eating
all rap of insects and I find I
find the game much more fun with
patterns like that for example I can
show you
so look for example I have some
grounds there a class and it is that the
grounds so on my personal about my father
self here otherwise because I had to do
three characters blow the grounds are
fulfilled so that I have not yet everything
1000 g I made some of
a few more here
it was to show then here is no so
if you find that it's enough
beautiful where was waiting for a what if you
find it's pretty well done
so secular and the video and then bah
tell me if you are interested in
the reasons because I would not mind
so to give you the link for the
grounds so small me too if you
you will be interested to see this small village
finished so here I decided to do
this video because I had sowell world
the first one I had already made a video
you made us a city she has to
also housekeeping is very very good
frankly I like it there my
little part so here is so
so yes as I said secular and if
you then want to leave a message
so if you are interested too
by the motives and then here's go ciao